UofIllinois Urbana-Champaign
----------------------------

What can you research?

Architecture, Compilers, and Parallel Computing
Artificial Intelligence
Bioinformatics and Computational Biology
Computers and Education
Data and Information Systems
Interactive Computing
Programming Languages, Formal Methods, and Software Engineering
Scientific Computing
Security and Privacy
Systems and Networking
Theory and Algorithms

!!!Note: Undergraduate research opportunities: "Illinois offers a breadth of CS research topics unmatched almost anywhere. Undergraduates can get involved through semester-long programs like PURE or summer programs like ISUR and Illinois CS's Summer Research Program."


What programs are there?

Computer Science, MCS (masters of computer science)
-------


Computer Science, MS
------

for the degree of Master of Science in Computer Science"


Master of Computer Science (MCS) is an industry degree, might be interesting, might not be, not sure

UofIllinois is part-time friendly


What do you need to apply?
------

Request Letters of Recommendation

    Applicants to the PhD and MS with thesis programs are required to have three letters of recommendation submitted. Applicants to the MCS program are not required to have letters of recommendation, but letters will be considered if included, especially if used to justify experience in lieu of required coursework, or other irregularities.

    It is recommended that professional letters of recommendation be from academics. They can either be your faculty, advisors, or supervisors. If you have been away from academics for a significant amount of time, you may substitute non-academic references of your choice (e.g. immediate supervisors, etc.). Personal letters of references (e.g. from family members) are not recommended.

    The letters should address your academic abilities and your potential to be successful at graduate level academic performance.  If you are applying to our M.S. or Ph.D. program, your letters should also address your research abilities and potential.

    Individuals writing letters of recommendation on your behalf should submit their letters through the online application system. Any recommendations that do not follow this process may impact timely application processing.

    Please make sure recommenders complete the section on the “Recommender’s Form” that states “To what extent do you recommend this applicant for admissions as a graduate student in their proposed field of study”.


". General Record Examination (GRE) – Not Required

The Graduate Record Examination (GRE) general aptitude tests (Verbal, Quantitative, and Analytical) and subject test scores are recommended, but not required. In some cases, the scores may provide helpful supporting information. If you would like to submit scores, we recommend that you scan your official score report as a PDF file and attach it to your application. You do NOT need to submit official scores through ETS."

MCS BAD LOL I THINK

Deadline for applying to MS in C: M.S. in Computer Science 	Fall only 	December 15


MCS is earlier, way earlier.

GPA req:

     

Full Status Admission Minimum GPA Requirements:

    B
(lol)

Costs: 

30k out-of-state
~10k in state.


